this is a random text document that I have created.
Let the force be with you.
The force shall be with you.
Blah
Coding the cinternsdasd
 a pinch-hit, run-scoring double in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Tampa Bay Rays a 1-0 victory against the Boston Red Sox on Friday night.
"It was kind of last minute," said Figueroa, who was told by bench coach Dave Martinez about the upcoming at-bat. "Davey came over and said `If the righty comes in, we're going to pinch hit, and you're going to go up and win the game for us.'"
Desmond Jennings drew a one-out walk in the ninth off Andrew Miller (1-3). Right-hander Burke Badenhop entered and, after Jennings stole second on a pitchout, Figueroa drove in the winning run on a drive to right-center.
"That's a great moment for him," Rays manager Joe Maddon said. "It was a great moment for us."
Box score

Rays 1, Red Sox 0
The 26-year old Figueroa had his contract purchased from Triple-A Durham May 14 and made his major league debut two days later.
Juan Carlos Oviedo (1-0), the third Tampa Bay reliever, pitched the ninth and got the win. It was his first victory since Aug. 1, 2011 with Miami when he was known as Leo Nunez.
John Lackey gave up five hits, including three by Evan Longoria, in seven-plus shutout innings for the Red Sox, who have lost eight in a row. Boston has scored just 16 runs during its longest skid since dropping the final eight games of the 2012 season.
"We're not playing very good right now," Lackey said. "You can't really point finger at one person, one area. We've had nights where everybody hasn't played up to his capability. We just have to put a ballgame together and pay better."
Tampa Bay starter Chris Archer struck out 11, walked four and scattered four hits over six scoreless innings.
Red Sox manager John Farrell tweaked his lineup, which failed early on Friday to get a key hit as Boston couldn't score after getting two on with two outs in the first, second and fifth innings.
"We put guys on base and were not able to cash in once again" Farrell said.
Brock Holt hit leadoff for the second time this season. Dustin Pedroia made his second appearance batting third, with regular third- and fourth-place hitters David Ortiz and Mike Napoli both moving down one spot.
Ortiz stopped an 0-for-17 slide with an opposite-field broken-bat ground single to left in the first.
Farrell said second-place hitter Xander Bogaerts could bat leadoff against left-handed starters.
Lackey worked out of a two-on, one-out jam in the both the first and sixth by getting grounders from Wil Myers and James Loney.
Boston right fielder Shane Victorino left in the ninth with right hamstring tightness. He appeared to get hurt running to first base.
NOTES: Maddon talked with RHP Grant Balfour one day after the closer voiced displeasure with fans who booed him after a blown save Thursday. "I emphasized the point that it's important he says what he wants to say, and then I gave him my take on everything beyond that," Maddon said. "But in no way would I try to muzzle any of our guys." ... Red Sox SS Stephen Drew was optioned to Single-A Greenville to start a stretch of nine or 10 minor league games. He went 1 for 2 and played five innings of defense Friday. ... Red Sox 3B Will Middlebrooks (broken right index finger) had X-rays taken to see how the healing process is progressing ... Red Sox LHP Felix Doubront (strained left shoulder) is ready to start a light throwing program. ... Rays LHP David Price (4-4) and Boston RHP Jake Peavy (1-2) are Saturday's scheduled starters. ... Rays 3B coach Tom Foley wore Tampa Bay senior adviser Don Zimmer's uniform No. 66. Zimmer is recovering from heart surgery last month.
Desmond Jennings \ Florida \ Chris Archer \ Rays \ Sun Sports Tampa Bay Rays \ Evan Longoria
by TaboolaPromoted Content
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
Royal Caribbean Sets Sail With IoT
Microsoft
FOX Sports exclusive: One-on-one with Tony Stewart
What Happens To Your Body When You Take A Free Testosterone Suppl…
Better By The Minute
Ronda Rousey heats up the red carpet at Cannes Film Festival
If You Drive 35 mi/day Or Less You Better Read This...
Lifestyle Journal
Johnny Football fan creates 'Man'z Ale' beer at Ohio brewery
Classic golf mistakes amateurs make at the tee
Hank Haney Secrets
Troy Tulowitzki sends message with walk-up song; Rocio Guirao Diaz is Fox-y
FROM AROUND THE WEBMORE SPORTS NEWS
Royal Caribbean Sets Sail With IoT (Microsoft)
What Happens To Your Body When You Take A Free Testosterone Supplement? (Better By The Minute)
Warren Buffett Tells You How to Turn $40 Into $10 Million (The Motley Fool)
Classic golf mistakes amateurs make at the tee (Hank Haney Secrets)
Don’t know Spanish? See this video (Shocking) (Pimsleur Approach)
Panasonic Lumix GH4 Digital Camera Review  (Reviewed.com)
The End of XP: Your Options for a New Computer (Staples)
17 Gay Celebs Who Pretend to be Straight  (POPnHOP)
8 Famous Athletes Who You Might Not Know Are Irish  (Ancestry.com)
Old Cars Still Being Produced (Auto Notebook)
Nobody partied harder than Andre The Giant 
Gallery: Unintentionally dirty sports photos from the web 
Alabama RB Shows Off His New Ride 
Alex Morgan Has Fantastic Golf Swing 
First Win Propelled Gordon To Stardom
Indy 500 Fans: The Good, The Bad, The Ugly and The Wasted [128 PHOTOS] 
The WAGs of the 2014 Champions League Finals [PHOTOS + POLL} 
Patrick Encouraged By Qualifying Results
10 best QBs in the NFL right now 
Most Hilarious Sports Quotes Ever 
by TaboolaPromoted Content
BEST OF THE WEBPowered By 
The 10 most memorable women from sports movies Unintentionally dirty sports photos Updated NBA mock draft Nobody partied harder than Andre The Giant

0 COMMENTS
Sign in1 person listening
 
 
+ Follow
Share
Post comment as...
Please note by clicking on "Post comment" you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Use and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be Polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator.
Newest | Oldest
Powered by Livefyre

FOXSports.com > Contact Us | Press | Jobs | Subscribe | Sitemap
Other FOX Sites > FOX Sports 1 | FOX | FOX News | 21st Century Fox | FOX Sports Supports
Partners > Shop | Tickets
Statistical Information provided by: STATS LLC 
©2014 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | New Terms of Use (What's New) | [+] Site Feedback | Opinion Panel
MSN Privacy Legal Advertise RSS About our ads: Microsoft © 2014 Microsoft


